This is the Solid Shell for Snake and Otacon. It is a complete rework of both Snake and Otacon to replace their programmer art with something more appealing.
Snake and Otacon here are supposed to be in a sort of faux cheap anime style, with inspiration from Yugioh and others in that vein, although they have realistic porportions because I prefer it. 
Because these two don't fall in any particular place in MGS continuity (and break it at times), their outfits are not indicative of how old they are, or where they came from. 
This is why Otacon's Retro shell, from MGS2, has the same dialogue as Otacon's Solid Shell, which looks a bit like MGS1 and MGS2 Otacon, but Snake is from Shadow Moses. It doesn't really mean anything.
If that bothers you for some reason, you're free to make a personal version which edits out any continuity breaking dialogue, or whatever.
Maybe I'll set a chronological mode sometime. who knows?
you can contact me on Deviantart if you'd like to work something out about publicly releasing an alternate version. But this is also technically under creative commons, so, do whatever you want.
Now, onto the explanation of this shell and some of its differences.

First and most important, there's a new collision area, "Bust", which you can probably guess is on Snake's chest. Otacon doesn't have this collision.
This is sort of a tongue in cheek reference to how most traditional Japanese ghosts include this. 
I thought it was kind of funny, because Snake is 1. a ~30 year old man (not your usual otaku's preference) and 2. reacts entirely differently. 
For those concerned, he would (and can) tell you to stop if he actually cared.
Anyway, if you dislike this, just go inside of "surfaces.txt" and find the line "collision2,149,205,253,296,Bust" and delete it.
This shell doesn't have network update, so it'll stay that way until you re-install the shell or something.

Second, Snake and Otacon have dressups! 
Snake can switch between two kinds of clothes, the Shadow Moses sneaking suit and the Navy SEAL disguise he uses on the Big Shell.
I might add the stripped down sneaking suit from MGS2 but honestly adding the main clothes are kind of a pain. 
You can also switch his hair styles to match.
Snake has a number of accessories. His SEAL headset, inumimi (dogboy) options, and stubble.

Otacon has two outfits: Otakon 1996 (Shadow Moses), and Architect disguise (Manhattan Incident). Both of these have tucked and untucked shirt versions.
Otacon also has some accessories. You can take off his glasses, turn him into a nekomimi (catboy to match Snake's dogboy), and add/remove stubble.

I hope you enjoy this new shell!